docs: add docs for INFRACOST_PARALLELISM (#134)
infracost/docs: docs/integrations/environment_variables.md

  INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_BINARY=~/bin/terragrunt_0.29 infracost breakdown --path=/path/to/code
  ```

### INFRACOST_PARALLELISM

> If using multiple projects using a [config_file](/docs/multi_project/config_file) this limits the number of projects processed in parallel. By default the parallelization level is set to 4×CPU count (max 16). To help with debugging set this to `1` so that the projects are processed synchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using multiple projects using a [config_file](/docs/multi_project/config_file) this limits the number of projects processed in parallel. By default the parallelization level is set to 4×CPU count but capped at 16. To help with debugging set this to `1` so that the projects are processed synchronously.
```
